README.md, before:

# GO-WITH-THE-FLOW

> Learn Flow JS by adventuring around in the terminal.  

> _Looking for more interactive tutorials like this? Go to [nodeschool.io](http://nodeschool.io)._

## Get help
Having issues with go-with-the-flow? Get help troubleshooting in the [nodeschool discussions repo](http://github.com/nodeschool/discussions), or on gitter:


TODO - update Gitter reference
[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/gitterHQ/gitter.svg)](https://gitter.im/nodeschool/discussions?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

## Install Node.js

Make sure Node.js is installed on your computer.

Install it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/)

On Windows and using v4 or v5 of Node.js? Make sure you are using at least 5.1.0, which provides a fix for a bug on Windows where you can't choose items in the menu.

### Install `go-with-the-flow` with `npm`

Open your terminal and run this command:

```
npm install --global go-with-the-flow
```

The `--global` option installs this module globally so that you can run it as a command in your terminal.

#### Having issues with installation?

If you get an `EACCESS` error, the simplest way to fix this is to rerun the command, prefixed with sudo:

```
sudo npm install --global go-with-the-flow
```

You can also fix the permissions so that you don't have to use `sudo`. Take a look at this npm documentation:
https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/fixing-npm-permissions

## Run the workshop

Open your terminal and run the following command:

```
go-with-the-flow
```

You'll see the menu:

TODO - make sure to update the screenshot

![go-with-the-flow screenshot](screenshot.png)

Navigate the menu with the up & down arrow keys. 

Choose a challenge by hitting enter.

You can use any editor you like. 

TODO Add VS Code 

[atom](http://atom.io) or [brackets](http://brackets.io/) are both good options.

## Need help with an exercise?

Open an issue in the nodeschool/discussions repo: https://github.com/nodeschool/discussions

Include the name `go-with-the-flow` and the name of the challenge you're working on in the title of the issue.

## Get Involved

Code contributions welcome! Please check our [documentation on contributing](https://github.com/thatadamedwards/go-with-the-flow/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

refactor(flow-jams): rename project to 'flow-jams' because someone already had an NPM pacakge called 'GoWithTheFlow'

README.md, after:

# FLOW-JAMS

> Learn Flow JS by adventuring around in the terminal.  

> _Looking for more interactive tutorials like this? Go to [nodeschool.io](http://nodeschool.io)._

## Get help
Having issues with flow-jams? Get help troubleshooting in the [nodeschool discussions repo](http://github.com/nodeschool/discussions), or on gitter:


TODO - update Gitter reference
[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/gitterHQ/gitter.svg)](https://gitter.im/nodeschool/discussions?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

## Install Node.js

Make sure Node.js is installed on your computer.

Install it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/)

On Windows and using v4 or v5 of Node.js? Make sure you are using at least 5.1.0, which provides a fix for a bug on Windows where you can't choose items in the menu.

### Install `flow-jams` with `npm`

Open your terminal and run this command:

```
npm install --global flow-jams
```

The `--global` option installs this module globally so that you can run it as a command in your terminal.

#### Having issues with installation?

If you get an `EACCESS` error, the simplest way to fix this is to rerun the command, prefixed with sudo:

```
sudo npm install --global flow-jams
```

You can also fix the permissions so that you don't have to use `sudo`. Take a look at this npm documentation:
https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/fixing-npm-permissions

## Run the workshop

Open your terminal and run the following command:

```
flow-jams
```

You'll see the menu:

TODO - make sure to update the screenshot

![flow-jams screenshot](screenshot.png)

Navigate the menu with the up & down arrow keys. 

Choose a challenge by hitting enter.

You can use any editor you like. 

TODO Add VS Code 

[atom](http://atom.io) or [brackets](http://brackets.io/) are both good options.

## Need help with an exercise?

Open an issue in the nodeschool/discussions repo: https://github.com/nodeschool/discussions

Include the name `flow-jams` and the name of the challenge you're working on in the title of the issue.

## Get Involved

Code contributions welcome! Please check our [documentation on contributing](https://github.com/thatadamedwards/flow-jams/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## License

MIT
